CHAPTER 2 -MOTIVATION FOR THE PROJECT

Handwritten recognition can be isolated into two classes, specifically on-line and off-line handwritten recognition. On-line recognition includes live change of character composed by a client on a tablet or an advanced mobile phone. Interestingly, off-line recognition is additionally testing, which requires programmed transformation of filtered picture or photographs into a PC clear content configuration. Spurred by the intriguing utilization of off-line recognition innovation, for example the USPS address acknowledgment framework, and the Chase Quick Deposit framework, this venture will for the most part center around finding calculations that permit exact, quick, and productive character acknowledgment measure. The report will cover information procurement, picture handling, highlight extraction, model preparing, results examination, and future works. 

Before PCs existed, all the data was put away in composed structure. This is a wasteful type of capacity as the paper data can't be put away for extremely significant time-frame and can get lost or be crushed. Actually, data on PC is put away exclusively for long time and numerous duplicates of same data can be made without any problem. Subsequently, in the wake of developing PCs, a ton of cash was squandered in difficult work for changing over this paper data into computerized data. All things considered, AI can be utilized to recognize and change over this paper data into computerized data without human mediation or difficult work. This undertaking is only a prologue to this methodology. 

A human can undoubtedly take care of and perceive any issue, however this isn't the equivalent on account of a machine. Numerous strategies or techniques should be actualized to function as a human. Aside from all the progressions that have been made here, there is as yet a critical examination hole that should be filled. Consider, for instance, web based on-line recognition versus off-line recognition. In internet penmanship acknowledgment of letters, an on-time assemblage of letters is performed while composing since stroke data is caught powerfully. While, off-line recognition, the letters aren't caught progressively. Web based online recognition is more precise when contrasted with off-line recognition due to the absence of data. Along these lines, there can be examination done here to improve off-line recognition acknowledgment.
